let go this is how you get atchu to
attract a cute boy first you have to be
in just for fun mode Aziza pinatas
trouble in paradise then you have to
have to any number of horse dashes in
your garden it'll he'll come to your
garden after a few night and I tell you
just from run mode already know yeah
after go to just for fun mode to this is
a regular tuna corn Griffin one of my
special tuna corn and i'll show you the
appeal requirements for it make sure you
read them because they're hard to see on
the screen
there is okay what other peer
requirements have one horse tashie Oh
resident in the garden and this is a
horse Dashiel and once an Aussie
resident in the garden has kilometres of
long grass and this is how much pinatas
items people and plants i had i have
mostly pinatas okay very good and that's
how you attract the horse Dashiel to you
I'm sorry I'll jewnicorn gonna head to
your garden very good thank you enjoy
viva pinata